When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    when collaborating
    when don't have backup method?

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    some commits may not be ready to be shared because not finished with logic
    some remote changes may not be something am ready to pull

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    a fork is a clone online with github
    clonese are local-local or local from online
    branches can be local and or online?
    forks when taking someone elses codes, clones for copying branches for new features

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    can merge in if desired
    can see any collaborative changes

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    email the files?
    this creates version problems
    however it does lead to only creating neccesary changes

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    directly to master is quicker
    via a seperate branch helps prevent bugs from being added to the system and keeps everyone more in the loop

Commands:

git remote  |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add origin url |     Add a new remote location for the repository. Origin is the default name to use when you create only one remote location. Url should be the https url to the github repository.
git remove -v  |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose information (fetch and push urls)
git push origin master  |    Push the master branch to the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    Get the master branch from the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
git fetch origin  |    Get the changes from the remote location into the (hidden?) origin/master branch